Back near the start of this section, we had Wenche, where I covered the Coleman attacks that a Hocker
will launch against you, and now that I've covered the different security devices that are available,
I can wrap up the section with this last lecture where I will cover the mitigation techniques which
protect you against those different attacks, and I'll cover them off here in the same order that they
were covered in the Coleman attacks lecture.
So starting off with malware to guard against this malware software should be installed on the host
systems on malware software, uses signatures on heuristics to detect malicious software and block it
from running to the way that the signatures work is it looks for new characteristics of new viruses.
When it sees them, it will block that file from running.
What heuristics does is it's not looking for nowon signatures of viruses.
It's looking for characteristics on a file which are common across other different viruses.
Severe.
The file would be suspicious and that will again trigger the on e malware software.
So you want to have your own malware software running on your corporate host pitches and you want controls
to be in place there to prevent users from disabling the software.
Because maybe a hacker has got a Trojan horse which is available for download online.
They've made it look very attractive and a user could be determined that they really want to download
this Trojan horse, which, of course, is going to do damage.
So to prevent users from doing bad things like that, you want to make sure they're prevented from disabling
the on malware software.
An IP can also be used to detect and block network traffic containing malware from getting into your
organization.
Still on malware and also providing protection against phishing and data exfiltration, you can use
the Cisco ESG on WSJ appliances.
The NSA is the email security appliance and it scans the links and attachments and incoming e-mail for
malware, phishing attacks on spam.
And it blocks them before they can get to your user's mailbox.
Results of the Cisco WSC, which is the Web security appliance and not prevents users from accessing
dangerous websites.
The kind of places that would maybe accidentally download a Trojan horse or a worm from policies can
also be implemented on the SSA and the WSJ to prevent sensitive information from being sent out of the
organization.
So you can configure rules with your policies there about what is sensitive information and you can
block that from being sent out.
Policies and procedures should be implemented, for example, about how and what information can be
sent or taken outside the company premises, for example, to prevent data exfiltration, you could
have a policy.
But staff are not allowed to have corporate data on USB sticks because that would be easy to lose in
a public place.
Security awareness training should also be implemented.
So, for example, you should train your staff about the dangers of phishing and tell them that they
should not open suspicious emails that they should call a member of I.T. staff to investigate it.
Moving on to reconnaissance on social engineering, low level reconnaissance, for example, just doing
research on Google, on the company and also social engineering can use very low tech methods to gain
information and access to the target organization because of its difficult for I.T. departments to use
technical solutions to protect against them.
So the way to defend against them is through staff security awareness.
Again, again, policies and procedures should be implemented to guard against these kind of attacks,
and staff should be educated about security concerns.
So, for example, this should be made aware that if somebody calls them, that person may not be who
they say they are.
They should be very guarded about giving out what could be sensitive information.
An IPS can defend against deeper reconnaissance, which uses part on vulnerability scanners.
It's not normal behavior for a horse to scan through a range of numbers that would indicate a Paasschen
attack and an eyepiece can detect and drop traffic.
A determined attacker may attempt to circumvent this by running the scan over a longer period of time.
That can make it more difficult for the IPS to detect it.
But if you're using an advanced eyepiece like the one from Cisco, it can still detect this kind of
attack because it's able to court actions that happened before and after other options.
So if it sees that a horse has been running scout over a long period of time and then the horse takes
another action, which would indicate an escalation of the attack but will trigger the IPS to fire,
it will send an alert to the administrators.
You can also block.
Moving on to a distributed denial of service, again, we can use an IPS here and IPS can detect these
DOS attacks through a normally based inspection.
Obviously, if you're under Adidas attack, it's not going to be conforming to the normal traffic patterns
that you would expect to see.
Also, advanced firewalls like the Cisco RSA can offload incoming connection attempts from servers when
the traffic reaches a threshold and respond with quicker connection time outs and or cookies.
To how this works is if there is a server behind the firewall that you want to protect, the RSA can
monitor the rate of traffic, the rate of new connections that are coming into that server.
And if it goes above a certain threshold, that would indicate that that server may be under the DOS
attack and then the firewall can start seeing the incoming connections to the incoming connections terminate
on the firewall rather than the server.
And if it is a TCP Synthroid attack, the firewall is capable of actually responding with a cookie rather
than a Sinak and not keeping any half open.
Connections to the firewall was a hardened security device.
It is less susceptible to DOS attacks and maybe your other servers.
However, your firewalls can still be a target of the DOS attacks and we can also become overwhelmed.
So there are other solutions available as well.
UNIDO services such as Arber Networks one global Internet traffic to detect botnet and command and control
servers they have on premises and cloud based solutions.
So on your premises and also available in the cloud which scrubbed traffic when an organization is under
de dos attack.
If you do become under Adidas attack, Arbor Networks, they can detect that more easily because they
are monitoring for botnet on command and control servers when it happens.
But it can be sent either to an appliance on premises or to a cloud based service which will scrub it,
which will just allow the clean traffic through and which will block the traffic from the botnet geographic
dispersion of an organization.
Services can also help mitigate the attacks so you can use any cash to have your servers spread across
multiple locations, but makes it more difficult for an attacker to launch a detox attack against it.
Next up, spoofing mine in the middle, on reflection, attacks first defense we have here is unicast
reverse path forwarding you RPF.
This guards against spoofed IP addresses because it verifies a source IP address is reachable through
the same interface it was received on.
So let me explain how this works.
You can see in the diagram here, we've got our outside interface on the left fast zero zero on Iwa
Rohter.
We've got an external host on the Internet on the left there.
Then on the right we've got our internal server, one thing, two to one, six, eight or 10.
On the IP address, there is one thing.
Tudo 168, dot dot one, slash twenty four.
So if we did a show IP right on this right here in the middle here you would see that we've got a connected
right to one name, two to one six eight oh oh oh swash twenty four network on the inside on fast one
sloshy to our other connected network is going out to the internet on two or three to one one three
zero three, an interface zero zero.
And here we've configured a default site to send all of our traffic out to the Internet.
Again, going at interface fast zero zero six here.
What happens is the host out on the Internet about an Ataka and they try to send some traffic in with
a spoofed IP address looking like they're actually on the inside of the network.
So a reason they would do this, maybe they know that there are security measures on the inside here
which are only going to accept traffic from this network.
So they try to spoof it to make it look like they are on network.
So they send in a packet with a source IP address of one nine two to one six one hundred.
Well, if you have got unicast reverse forwarding turned on, which is by default, the driver is going
to block pocket because what it does is it looks and it sees a top pocket coming in.
It's come in with Schorsch address.
One thing to you, two one six eight oh one hundred on interface fasta zero zero.
What the RPF check does is it says, if I was going to send traffic to the IP address, would I send
out that same interface that I get that it came in on?
But no, if the driver was going to send traffic to one thing, two one six eight one hundred, it would
send to the fast one swash zero interface because Vyse come in on the Fast 070, a different interface
that indicates is invalid.
It's a spoofed source IP address and will just drop pocket.
When an attacker disproof their source IP address, they don't receive return traffic, so they do not
see the sequence numbers in TGP responses from the target going back to the previous.
Try it again.
Let's say that we didn't have you RPF on here and that the host on the left here did send in a pocket
with with a spoofed source of gas of one nine two to 160 over 100.
Well, whenever you return, traffic were sent back to the IP address wandering through to 160 to 100.
Obviously, it's not going to get sent back to that host to when it is sending in traffic with a spoofed
source address.
But traffic is going to be just one way.
It's sending pockets into the target.
News is that it's not going to get any return pockets coming back.
So it's not going to see the sequence numbers in return pickpockets, but a target may be more vulnerable
to attacks if it uses predictable TCP sequence numbers, because the way that TGP works is when a connection
is set up and there's a session between two hosts, we're going to use TCP sequence numbers.
And if TCAP sequence numbers appear to be invalid, the host will just drop the traffic going back to
the previous site again.
But see that my host on the left here is sending an attack against the Servet on right.
I want to see that the topic is getting to the server.
Well, if that server is using predictable TCP sequence numbers, then the host here can pretend like
it is in a two way communication with the server and it can send multiple packets in not session and
they will be accepted by the server.
It would be better if the server used random sequence numbers and then that would prevent the attacker
from doing that.
So because of is, your applications should be up to date and parched so that they are using random
rather than predictable TGP sequence numbers, if that is not possible, if an application does not
support it, then an advanced firewall can also do that as long as it is in the traffic path.
Also, to guard against spiffing, you should use secure authentication where possible secure authentication
systems are communicating with who they think they are.
We also have dynamic AAFP inspection, which will detect and block AAFP spoofing attacks we covered
back in the switch security section.
For guarding against password attacks, firewalls on pocket fillers, your access controllers should
be configured to prevent illegitimate users from having connectivity to login windows.
For example, if you're the administrator and you need to log in to a network device to administer that,
you should be able to do that.
Somebody works in the warehouse, should not have connectivity.
They should not be able to get along and prompt on that particular device, if at all possible, that
traffic should be blocked.
Policies should also be in place to enforce secure passwords for your users.
You do have a legitimate reason to get to a login window.
Password complexity settings include minimum password length, special requirements for the characters.
For example, having to use a capital where having a user number, having to use a special character
such as an asterisk.
Other settings include how often passwords must be changed on prevention of old passwords from being
reused again to what a user might try to do is have a password of password when virtually change your
password to change it to something out, but then we just immediately change it again.
Back to password.
Your password.
Complexity settings should also prevent as well.
So again, sermonize to protect against password attacks.
Make sure the only people who should be able to get to the login window can get there and also make
sure that your users are using complex passwords.
Multifactor authentication should also be used where shootable this uses something the user knows,
which is password and something they have, which could be a biometric reader, for example, assuming
it checks for fingerprint or a code which is generated on a mobile app or security device.
And also, staff should be educated to guard against social engineering attacks against their passwords.
So they should be told if somebody phones up and asks for your password or asked to change your password
to a certain thing, be very suspicious of do not do it.
To guard against buffer overflow attacks, software should be up to date, and Patch rejects malformed
pockets.
If you've got your own internal developers that are building your own applications, they should also
make sure that they are not susceptible to buffer overflow attacks.
Four pocket sniffers, your pocket fillers and firewall's should be used to ensure traffic cops are
controlled, so traffic should only be going where it should be going to.
It's going to lessen the chance that somebody shouldn't.
She is able to sniff it and traffic should be authenticated and encrypted if it passes over an untrusted
network.
And finally, you can also employ the services of a penetration test, their penetration test must be
employed to test the organization Security Defense.
So a penetration test, there is a general penetration test there, uses the same tools and methods
as a hacker.
So what we're testing for is would a hacker be able to do any damage?
The way they do that is they act the same way that a hacker with internal security teams should also
do their own testing of their security systems and policies.
But an external penetration tester can be used for validation.
OK, so that was all of the different defense solutions that we're going to use to guard against those
threats.
See you in the next section.